Cataloger's Workbench User Stories
Revised: 2015-02-13

Data Entry Stories

General Cataloging Stories
1. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., I want to search WorldCat for catalog records so that I can save time by finding LC and member copy. 
	Search by defined fields
		ISBN, ISSN, standard number, title, personal name, and corporate/conference name
	Sort results for quality and completeness
		LC copy, PCC, full-level member copy, incomplete member copy, non-English records, etc.
2. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., I want to select results from WorldCat search. 
	For LC/PCC records or full-level member copy, pre-select the record
	For "bad" member copy, attempt to normalize it (ensuring that data fields are consistent with control fields, etc.
	For non-English records, attempt to extract enough relevant info to create a well-structured brief record in English
3. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., I want to save results from WorldCat search so that I can edit or accept a catalog record. 
	Save as MARCXML, convert to binary MARC for import into Voyager
	To edit records, convert data to BF using LC conversion scripts, then load data into XForm
4. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., I want to save data from the Web form. 
	Save to triplestore as BF
	Convert BF to MARCXML and save to eXist
		Convert MARCXML to binary MARC for import into Voyager
5. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., if no records in WorldCat, I want to query public APIs like Open Library for available metadata. 
	If available, load imported metadata into Web form to create a brief record
6. As a user cataloging books, journals, etc., if no external data available, I want to produce a blank Web form so that I can create a new bibliographic description. 

DVD Cataloging Stories
1. As a user cataloging DVDs, if no records in WorldCat, I want to query DBpedia and/or other APIs (like OMDb) for available metadata. 
	If available, load imported metadata into Web form to create a brief record
2. As a user cataloging DVDs, if no external data available, I want to produce a blank Web form so that I can create a new bibliographic description. 

